Hi Guys welcome back to the artificial intelligence course we're going to implement our solution in
Spider Anaconda which is an idea that I highly recommend because it's like a studio.
You'll have your editor where you implement your code.
You have the console to execute code and some other features like a way to easily look at all your variables
that you create during your implementation.
So therefore it's all good to Google.
And if you don't have a nick on that yet let's download it to you just type here.
I kinda just like this.
And here we go you can take the second link download Anaconda and now depending on your system make
sure to choose the right system.
I think it should automatically be detected if on Windows.
Click here if you click here and if you're on Linux click here.
I'm on Macs all good and now make sure to download bidon 3.6.
So make sure to click this download button for Biden 3.6.
And now the download just started is right here 40 seconds on my computer.
Here you have the option to get a cheat sheet.
You can say no thanks.
You can close this.
We will need it for our implementation's.
All right.
So I'll accelerate until the download is over.
All right here we go.
Download over.
So now let's go to our downloads folder which is right here and here is the file that I just downloaded.
And so this is the installation fell that will install Anaconda.
So you just double click on it then you click Continue continue continue continue agree and install.
And this will install Anaconda.
It will just take a few minutes maybe less and you'll get an icon they'll get the spider studio on which
we will implement our AI solutions.
So again I'll accelerate until the end.
Perfect.
The installation is over.
You don't have to install Microsoft virus codes.
You can just click continue here.
And here we go.
Let's just close it.
You can keep it or move it to the trash.
And now we have Anaconda.
So I'm on a Mac here.
So the way to get an I can do is just go to applications and then they'll click on Anaconda and then
begetter.
And for Windows users you'll find Anaconda in your list of programs you know by clicking the windows
button and then find an icon here or you can just type and I can dial in the research bar.
And again you have to open an account a navigator and for Linux users same you'll find an icon the navigator
in your list of programs or applications.
Well I'm sure you'll find that very easily.
So let's double click on that.
This will open Anaconda and inside an will find several IDs and will choose spider.
Here we go.
So we are inside on the.
And indeed there are several IDs including Jupiter notebook which is a very good one.
And of course spider which is the one will choose for this course as in fact any other of our courses.
So to open spider we just need to click launch and he we go this will launch spider and that is exactly
where we are going to implement our AI solution.